
NARRATIVE

Electro is breaking ground in NIL and shows how the combination of great product + sophisticated partner strategy can break you into the market. By using Social Snowball to grow, nurture & manage their affiliate community, combined with CreatorCommerce to issue every affiliate a high-converting funnel they can customer & share: Electro is showing why affiliate marketing can become the top performing channel for any growing CPG brand with a partner play.


METRICS, MOMENTS, MOATS

Their strategy touches on these 3 M’s. 

METRICS

First & foremost, Electro is bringing science to their strategy with a modern eComm CRO strategy. They are issuing discounts via Social Snowball, and enabling affiliates to drive traffic with this offer. When users click, their hanging onto momentum by not pushing traffic to a generic page, but by bringing traffic to a page that doubles down on the discount offer, that prevents overlapping offers (the GA intro offer), and that uses UGC, quotes, images, and likeness to create overwhelming FOMO for any aspiring athlete. 

This smart use of discounting + NIL mixed into the funnel drives a much faster time to purchase.

On the back side of this, it allows them to put their money where their mouth is on Social Snowball sign up forms, where they can confidently call out how their affiliates are better enabled to sell VS competitive offers & they have the metrics to prove it.

MOMENTS

The discovery of a new medium to consume electrolytes is a ‘moment’ in itself, but Electro is going deep. To address the goldfish problem of social media, they are creating educational browsing experiences where they can use the hooks of an athlete to get a shopper to interact & read a page, combined with the injection of education to drive meaning & take-aways from your engagement. These moments force conscious connection with the brand. 

THE MOAT OPPORTUNITY

They are building a moat around athletes, but not just the usual athletes you expect. While most NIL strategies target households sports/names. Electro takes a more cunning approach. Instead they focus on tapping into the micro audiences of wrestlers, runners, and tier 2 sports alike. Why? Their sports lack mainstream names, leading to less market capture from the outset. These athletes have a better chance at influencing their communities, and the high schoolers & especially their parents: who are in search of influence in this sport. Said differently, their audiences tend to seek influencer, and tend to not already be dominated by tier 1 stars most would have already conformed to advice & influence from.


Testimonial:
"CreatorCommerce/Social Snowball helped us onboard over 1,000 affiliates in a single month, with custom landing pages that convert twice as well as our main website. It was like flipping a switch, our revenue skyrocketed from $5K to $40K per month in just two months. I can’t recommend it enough for anyone serious about growth."


HEADLINE STATS

Snowball + CreatorCommerce have become cornerstones of Electro’s eComm strategy. Dramatically hosting up their Conversion Rate on their site. Their affiliate funnels convert 2.67X (267%) higher than their blended traffic, and 1.74X (174%) higher than all traffic the month before. 
Affiliate revenue now makes up 81% of their overall eComm revenue, when put next to how much higher it converts compared to blended traffic shows just how compelling athlete driven funnels can be & how you can build an entire acquisition strategy around NIL partnerships
Additionally, affiliate funnels with Snowball + CreatorCommerce drove 2.5% higher AOV compared to blended, and a 55% higher AOV compared to months prior when 496% less orders were coming into the funnel


Summary of stats:
1.74X (174%) lift in CVR by using affiliate cobranded funnels
55% lift in AOV by using affiliate cobranded funnels
68% lift in activated affiliates using cobranded funnels




IMAGES
































        



Web data (All-in):







Web data (Snowball):



** Month below is when CC was enabled for entire month, everyone had CC funnels starting end of first week of Jan **




Web data (CC data - a subset of Snowball, those who setup pages):





