Some opinions to carry:

ICE-BREAKER TO TALK SHOP

Look I know you could probably be doing anywhere from 5 to 50 other things right now so I appreciate you jumping on. How can I return the favor and make this the best call you’ve had today, what’s been going on with BRAND in the world of collabs?
For Chai: "Candidly I've been really looking forward to this call because it's seemed that every call today has been about a feature request that I don't want to touch with a 10ft pole, so I'm looking forward to a more collaborative, or shall I say “casual”, chat here so I can finally learn what you guys are up to!"

DIVERSIFYING YOUR ACQUISITION MODEL

This has always been the case, and it’s the same here. Say yes to TikTok, yes to Snapchat, test, scale, diversify.

THE RISE OF SOCIAL COMMERCE INTEGRATIONS

The rise of Meta, Youtube, etc giving more APIs to arms platforms to be frontline search & recruiting hubs is huge. What used to stop programs in their tracks is going away, and you’re going to be recruiting more folks than ever. 
So what do you do when you’re program is 3x bigger, but in no way unique?

BUILDING MOATS

Sales is one thing, moats are another. I mean that in terms of being the default market brand your category thinks about, for defending against poachers, and for naturally getting program inbound. This is where owned programs are so necessary. 

FINISH THE JOB

I often go back to thinking about all the damn energy that goes into finding talent, getting them ready to post, and how many sessions are wasted by not thinking about backing that creator up with a post-click experience.

CONFUSION OVER WHAT THEY CARE ABOUT
I’m getting a sneaking feeling this would bring a lot of change & a lot of digest, and want to make sure I didn’t make this worse. A lot of customers at this point in the process get overwhelmed. I wanted to paint the art of the possible, but I also know that budgets and time are limited and want to make sure I can give you an actionable direction from here. 

So I’m just curious are you and your team clear about what would be in and what would be out in terms of how this would work?
GETTING CONVICTION ON PURSUING THIS TOGETHER
We touched on X Y Z key success criteria for BRAND and where CC drives impact and it sounds like you're generally aligned. How are you feeling about pursuing this further at this point?
Is there anyone else we should be bringing in?
NEXT STEPS
Let’s get some more time on the books, in the meantime, let’s take what I’ve learned here & let me get an implementation concept in front of you + some pricing. There may be a world where just doing our Pro plan is what makes sense here, but if a bigger picture resonates I’ll get some angles in front of you how does that sound?
OLD SCHOOL
The old school way was to give them all discount and affiliates links.

But what if we treated them like employees instead? Sales reps? Trained them, enabled them, nurtured them, and tried to retain them like on of our own. What would that look like? How would your strategy change? 

Recruiting is one thing, enabling them to be performant partners is another, but that’s what CreatorCommerce does, we empower brands to form very deep, very effective partnerships through co-branding, a practice of selling together, and giving your partners product & tech infrastructure to slap their name, branding & content to.

TIKTOK SHOP / SHOPMY / LTK

Hell yea, we recommend it. Use every channel you can, but always remember not to get caught without relationships of your own. Always prioritize building your own relationships over time instead of going all in on rented channels. We have great partners here.
